feat(docs): use real url in the help page (#72)
randombenj/docat: doc/getting-started.md

You can upload any static html site by zipping it and
then posting the file to the backend.

> > Note that only if a `index.html` file is present in the root of the zip file
>   it will be automatically shown without a direc link to the html file!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: if a `index.html` file is present in the root of the zip file
  most web server will serve the file by default.
```
